Add proCosmosReactor for same Container Reactions (#93)
jet/dotnet-templates: README.md

    
    - It is necessary to reset the CFP checkpoint (delete the checkpoint documents, or use a new Consumer Group Name) to trigger a re-traversal if events have expired since the lsat time a traversal took place.

- [`proCosmosReactor`](propulsion-cosmos-reactor/README.md) - Stripped down derivative of Propulsion Reactor template that is

    - Specific only to Cosmos

>     - For reactions using the same container for listening and writing to (i.e.: same source and destination)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For applications where the reactions using the same Container, credentials etc as the one being Monitored by the change feed processor (simpler config wiring and less argument processing)
```
